♪ ♪
[elephant trumpets]
[birds chirping]
[rock music]
♪ ♪
- Good morning,
naked mole rats!
all: Yeah!
- Are you ready
to rock the tunnel?
all: Yeah!
- Can you dig it?
- Because that's
what Grand-Mah did.
She dug this tunnel
with her bare teeth
to make us
a rockin' underground home!
And that's why we're here
to rock the Morning Song!
♪ We are naked, naked ♪
♪ Naked mole rats ♪
all: Mole rats!
- ♪ And these
are the naked, naked ♪
♪ Naked mole facts ♪
all: Mole facts!
- ♪ Yeah, let's break it down,
number one ♪
- ♪ We are a little bit mole ♪
- ♪ Number two ♪
- ♪ We are a little bit rat ♪
- ♪ And number three ♪
Um.
And--and?
- ♪ We are also
totally naked ♪
- ♪ Naked ♪
- ♪ Naked mole rats ♪
all: Mole rats!
- ♪ These are
the naked, naked ♪
♪ Naked mole facts ♪
all: Mole facts!
- ♪ Feelin' cool ♪
- ♪ Like chocolate milk
in a thermos ♪
- ♪ Feelin' hot ♪
- ♪ I'm rockin'
in my epidermis ♪
- ♪ I can see
your belly button ♪
♪ It's right there ♪
- ♪ I can feel
the tunnel breezes ♪
♪ Through my body hair ♪
all: Yeah!
[electric guitar solo]
♪ ♪
- I'm going out tonight,
and I don't have
a thing to wear.
- Isn't it great?
both: Yeah!
- ♪ We love
all being naked, naked ♪
♪ Naked mole rats ♪
all: Mole rats!
- ♪ Giving you
the naked, naked ♪
♪ Naked mole facts ♪
all: Mole facts!
- ♪ Feelin' right ♪
- ♪ From my tail
down to my toes ♪
- ♪ Feelin' sweet ♪
- ♪ 'Cause I don't
need no clothes ♪
- Living in your skin?
Let me be your advisor.
No matter where you've been,
you'll need some moisturizer.
- Yeah!
- That's the way you got
to roll when you're--
all: ♪ Naked, naked ♪
♪ Naked mole rats ♪
all: Mole rats!
- ♪ Giving you
the naked, naked ♪
Naked mole facts.
all: Mole facts!
- Okay, I've got
three questions for y'all.
Anybody in this tunnel
a little bit mole?
all: Yeah!
- Anybody in this
tunnel a little bit rat?
all: Yeah!
- Anybody in this tunnel
all naked?
all: Yeah!
- Let's give 'em the skinny.
♪ Naked ♪
all: ♪ Naked ♪
- ♪ Naked ♪
♪ Mole rats! ♪
♪ ♪
- Thank you, every-mole.
Have a rockin',
very naked day in the tunnels,
and we'll see you tonight
for the Evening Song!
[cheers and applause]
[crowd murmuring]
- You know
what I love about this place?
No shirt, no shoes--
- Service!
[both laughing]
- Exactly.
Catch you
at the Evening Song tonight?
- Oh, for sure.
I love underground music.
- Dude, we are just
like this tunnel.
Am I right, Tall?
- How so, Venti?
- We are made of rock.
- Yeah.
[both grunting]
- Whoa, yeah!
- Oh, yeah.
- Hold up.
Didn't you guys notice
something missing
during the Morning Song?
- Yeah. Our clothes!
- Dude.
[both grunting]
- Whoa, yeah!
- Oh, yeah.
- I'm talking
about Wilbur J. Molerat.
- Oh, yeah. Weird, huh?
- Wilbur's never missed
the Morning Song.
- No mole has.
He's our band buddy,
but I hope Grand-Mah
doesn't find out.
For our sake.
- Dudes,
I'll bet no mole noticed.
[energetic music]
- News flash,
every mole noticed
that The Moleing Stones band
was missing something
this morning:
Wilbur J. Mole Rat, Jr.
all: Gah!
- My name is Stark Naked
because I'm stark naked.
You'll just have
to trust me on that.
Questions.
Where was Wilbur?
What would Grand-Mah say?
And what is
the band doing about it?
all: Ahh!
- We got to find Wilbur.
- And now,
Les Pants with the weather.
Take it away, Les.
- Today's weather
is gonna be...
exactly the same as every
other day, Stark.
Our colony's located
inside a tunnel,
so it's not like anything's
gonna fall out of the sky.
- [chuckles] Indeed.
- I don't even know
why this job exists.
- No one does.
And that's the naked truth.
Thanks for watching DNN,
the
"Definitely Naked Network."
Announcer: This is DNN.
- I wish the weather
could change.
I wish there was more to being
a mole rat than just rocking.
I mean, I get it.
The tunnel is rock,
so we're supposed to rock.
But sometimes it's hard rock,
and I, Wilbur J. Molerat, Jr.,
think that there must be
more to the fabric of life.
Like every-mole
being 100% naked
500% of the time.
It's boring and chilly.
Ooh.
Sure, the Weather Mole says
nothing falls out of the sky
when you live in a tunnel,
but imagine if it could!
[horn blaring]
[crash]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
[dramatic music]
Ah!
[electric guitar sting]
[gasps, screaming]
Whoa. Whoa!
Huh?
[cautious music]
♪ ♪
Ah!
[dramatic music]
What is that?
♪ ♪
♪ Is that a hat? ♪
♪ Would it be wrong
to try it on? ♪
Oh, wow!
♪ It feels good,
like a brand-new friend ♪
♪ If I had a friend
that was a cotton-poly blend ♪
Oh!
♪ I feel more like myself
with something on ♪
♪ But what if it's something
that's frowned upon? ♪
Eek!
♪ Is it time to get dressed? ♪
♪ Should I even begin? ♪
♪ Can I be my best ♪
♪ With something on my skin? ♪
♪ So if I try a bit
to see how it fits ♪
♪ Could that be wrong? ♪
[rumbling]
[electric guitar sting]
[dramatic music]
A shirt!
♪ ♪
Here in the dirt.
♪ Who would it hurt
if I try it on? ♪
Oh, yeah!
♪ It fits me like a glove
I've yet get to try ♪
♪ Imagine a world
that's raining suits ♪
♪ And scarves and ties ♪
♪ Feel like I want
to shout or cry or sing ♪
♪ I think my life could use
some tailoring ♪
♪ Is it time ♪
♪ To get dressed? ♪
♪ Can these clothes
make me whole? ♪
♪ Will they make me my best? ♪
♪ Can clothes make the mole? ♪
♪ ♪
Why not find out?
Whoa.
♪ ♪
Oh!
♪ I have waited so long ♪
♪ For this surprise ♪
♪ And now
I've found something ♪
♪ That is just my size ♪
♪ It is time ♪
♪ To get dressed ♪
♪ And uncover my soul ♪
♪ I'm gonna be my best ♪
♪ 'Cause clothes make
this mole ♪
♪ Yes,
it's time to get dressed ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause these clothes
really make ♪
♪ This mole ♪
♪ Whole! ♪
[electric guitar riff]
Ooh!
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- Look.
- Whoa!
- Wilbur?
Hey, Wilbur?
Wilbur, dude, where are you?
- Come on out, Wilbur.
We're looking for you.
- Ah!
- He's not here.
- Or here.
- He's not in
Grand-Mahs-R-Us either.
But check out these cool
Grand-Mah pillows I bought.
- Sweet. I got these balloons.
- Um, how about
a little less shopping,
and a little more
looking for Wilbur?
- Oh, yeah.
Wilbur? Hey, Wilbur?
- Shopping later?
- Ugh! Come on.
- Wilbur?
- Dude!
I don't get it.
He's got to be around
here somewhere.
- Ah!
- Dude.
- What?
Is there something in my teeth?
- We didn't just see
what we just saw, did we?
- Dude, no way.
- Hmm. How's it looking?
- Oh, yeah, you're good.
- Thanks, Wilbur.
Boy, ever since
I got these braces,
everything gets stuck
in my--ahh!
♪ What what what? ♪
- ♪ Ew ♪
- ♪ Yuck ♪
- ♪ What what what what? ♪
- ♪ Ew ♪
- ♪ Yuck ♪
- ♪ What in Grand-Mah's name
are you doing? ♪
- I'm getting dressed.
all: Hubba-wha?
- ♪ That's impossible ♪
- ♪ It's improbable ♪
- ♪ It's unfeasible ♪
- ♪ Inconceivable ♪
- ♪ Dude ♪
- ♪ Unachievable ♪
- ♪ Unadvisable ♪
- ♪ Unbelievable ♪
- ♪ Dude ♪
- ♪ We don't wanna ♪
- ♪ Don't wanna, wanna ♪
all: ♪ Scandal,
a mole rat scandal ♪
♪ We can not handle
such a scandal ♪
- What? Did you say sandals?
Whoa!
all: ♪ Oh whoa oh ♪
♪ ♪
- ♪ There are things
that are done ♪
♪ But, baby,
wearing pants ain't one ♪
- ♪ Ew ♪
- ♪ Yuck ♪
- ♪ Paisley, stripes, or dots ♪
♪ Does the colony
cotton to that? ♪
all: ♪ Not ♪
- What about plaid?
- Blegh!
- ♪ Our band
could be imperiled ♪
♪ If you don this--
yuck--apparel ♪
- ♪ We would feel
so much better ♪
♪ If you never touch
a sweater ♪
- ♪ Shocking ♪
all: ♪ You're so shocking ♪
♪ Don't want
the colony talking ♪
♪ That'd be
so shockingly shocking ♪
- How 'bout stockings?
all: Ugh!
- ♪ All mole rats
around the globe ♪
both: ♪ They don't dress,
no, they disrobe ♪
- ♪ We're you're pals ♪
- ♪ We really like you ♪
- ♪ But you haven't
thought this through ♪
- ♪ What if naked mole rat
society ♪
all: ♪ Discovers your--
yuck--weird proclivity? ♪
♪ It's disgraceful ♪
[rock music]
♪ So disgraceful ♪
♪ ♪
- ♪ Even if that ensemble ♪
♪ Is somewhat tasteful ♪
- Thanks.
- Ah!
all: ♪ We just can't take it! ♪
- ♪ Our head, you ache it! ♪
all: ♪ Why not just fake it? ♪
- ♪ That shirt, forsake it ♪
- ♪ Time to drum break-it ♪
♪ ♪
- Drummers look great
in tassels.
- ♪ Ew ♪
- ♪ What what what what? ♪
- ♪ Yuck ♪
- ♪ Wha wha wha wha? ♪
- ♪ Ew ♪
- ♪ Yuck ♪
- ♪ Wha wha what what
what what what what? ♪
- ♪ Yuck ♪
all: ♪ What you're doing
will affect us ♪
♪ Why make Grand-Mah
cringe in disgust? ♪
[all gasping]
- Eek!
- ♪ Now listen up, rat,
this takes the cake ♪
♪ It's a huge mistake,
It's time to go back ♪
♪ Get naked ♪
all: ♪ We don't wanna ♪
♪ Please don't make a ♪
- ♪ We don't wanna ♪
all:
♪ No, don't make a, make a ♪
[all gasping]
♪ Scandal ♪
♪ Scandal, scandal ♪
- So you don't think
it's a good idea then?
all: ♪ Scandal ♪
[crowd murmuring]
- Is he wearing clothes?
- I'm out of here.
- Okay, I get it.
This isn't a great look
for the band,
but I like a simple
business casual ensemble.
- Is "business casual"
an oxymoron?
- Eh.
- Doesn't matter.
Wilbur, you're a rocking
naked mole rat.
Why under-earth
would you ever, ever, ever,
ever want to do...
that?
- It's just, um,
I guess I found out
that I discovered
that there's more to life
than living under a rock,
or even rockin' under a rock.
- Hubba-wha?
- Wearing clothes--
well, I mean...
It's really fun.
- Ah!
- For me.
- Oh, sure.
Sure, sure. That's great.
I mean,
if you like clothes so much,
why don't you just
open a clothing store
or something?
- Dude.
- A store?
- Do you really think
Wilbur should open a store?
- No.
I was being sarcastic.
You moles wouldn't know sarcasm
if it bit you on the tail.
- Sarcasm can bite you
on the tail?
- Of course it can't.
I was being sarcastically
sarcastic about sarcasm!
- Oh.
- Oh...don't get it.
- A clothing store.
- Wilbur!
Look, we've been
friends forever.
The band needs you
to stop playing dress-up
and start playing music
for tonight's Evening Song.
- Dude.
- Yeah.
- Well, what should I wear?
- Your birthday suit!
- Duh.
- Now come on, we're heading
back to the arena.
- Suit.
[all gasping]
- Ugh.
- A mole rat with clothes?
I've never seen
such a thing in all my days.
- Hey, Wilbur,
we should get going.
- Oh, I'm going...
to open a store.
Ooh!
Right here in Tunnel Square.
A store with hats
and all kinds of clothes!
A place where every-mole
can come and try wearing
whatever they feel like.
And I'll call it "Hats...
And More."
"Hats and More!" Oh-oh!
Imagine.
Naked mole rats
won't be able to resist
once they hear
my catchy jingle.
La la la la la la la...
[whimsical music]
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
all: ♪ Hats... ♪
♪ And more ♪
♪ ♪
- ♪ Naked mole rats
of all shapes and sizes ♪
♪ Come on down
for some big surprises ♪
♪ The name is Wilbur,
here to astound you ♪
♪ Looking
for a new kind of groovy ♪
♪ Step on over,
check this, and you'll see ♪
♪ I will change your life ♪
♪ Oh, yes, I'm bound to ♪
all: ♪ With Hats and More ♪
♪ The clothing store ♪
♪ For something new
to put on you ♪
♪ Just the thing
to make you sing ♪
♪ Hats and More ♪
- ♪ So convenient
with lots of parking ♪
♪ Once you've seen it,
it's worth remarking ♪
♪ It's the hottest fashion
in the colony ♪
- It's the only fashion
in the colony!
- ♪ So get in here ♪
♪ It's a celebration ♪
♪ An incarnation
of imagination ♪
♪ We're the only store
where you get to see ♪
all: ♪ Come and see
our socks and shoes ♪
♪ And shorts and skorts ♪
- ♪ I know you'll love
the deals ♪
all: ♪ And shirts and skirts
and jackets too ♪
♪ Bowler hats
and dapper spats ♪
- ♪ And you'll love... ♪
all: ♪ Come see
oh so many clothes ♪
- ♪ The way that it feels ♪
- ♪ Overalls ♪
- ♪ And underwear ♪
- ♪ Wading boots and pajamas ♪
[tap dancing]
- ♪ Fancy gowns
for your mamas ♪
all: ♪ You can bet
you'll find it there ♪
♪ Trust this mole ♪
- ♪ I won't misinform you ♪
all: ♪ Try some clothes ♪
- ♪ Oh,
they will transform you ♪
all: ♪ All it takes ♪
- ♪ Is imagination ♪
all: ♪ To change
the whole mole rat nation ♪
- Whoo!
♪ ♪
Watch this.
Whee!
[laughs]
Hats...
and More!
♪ ♪
♪ Hats and More ♪
Whoo! Ha! Ha!
Whoa!
- Take a peek.
- Lose that frown.
- We'll dress you chic.
- ♪ So come on down to ♪
all: ♪ Hats and More ♪
♪ The clothing store ♪
- ♪ Fashion and prices
you'll adore ♪
all: ♪ Love your look ♪
- ♪ We even ship to Ecuador ♪
all: ♪ And all it took ♪
♪ Was a trip
to Wilbur's new... ♪
- Innovative.
- And creative.
- Decorated.
- Sophisticated.
- Highly rated.
- Parking validated.
- Who could hate it?
♪ ♪
all: ♪ Hats and More ♪
- ♪ The clothing store ♪
Yeah!
[panting]
Yay, me!
Hmm.
If only my new store
had some clothes.
[rumbling]
Hooray!
Now every-mole will love
my Hats and More store.
And once they try on this
or this or this,
they'll be happier.
Mm.
I am.
I can't think of
a single solitary,
itty, bitty, little thing
that can possibly
go wrong with this plan.
- [gasps] A clothing store?
- Ooh, look,
a potential customer.
Welcome!
- A mole rat wearing
c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-clothes?
[screaming]
[panting]
- You're very good at running.
It looks like you could
use some sneakers.
What do you think?
They scream, "Fun!"
But whisper, "Sophisticated."
- I'm telling everyone!
[screaming]
- What a nice mole,
spreading the news
about my store like that.
- Ah!
- [giggles]
[instruments warming up]
- A one, a two, a--
- Ah!
- What was that?
[dramatic music]
- News flash.
Clothes are reportedly
falling from the sky.
[all gasping]
- [groans]
- Questions!
Is this real
or just fake nudes?
And more importantly,
who is to blame?
Answers!
Tails are pointing
at a certain
non-naked naked mole rat
who has opened
a clothing store
in the town square.
Opinion!
If that mole rat has any
friends or true band mates...
all: Ah!
- They'd better
set him straight
before the colony gets
completely dressed out--
I mean, stressed out.
Ah!
- Dude, we got to stop Wilbur.
- But we already tried telling
him not to wear clothes.
- And we took him
to the Moleseum.
- Maybe something
a little more grand
might knock his socks off.
[sinister musical sting]
For good.
- I hope Venti, Tall,
and Grande stop by.
They have no idea
what's in store for them.
But I do. [giggles]
Clothes!
- There he is.
Wilbur!
- Hello.
- What under-earth
do you think you're doing?
- I'm having a sale.
- Ooh. I do love a sale.
- Sale is over,
Wilbur J. Molerat.
- Ah!
- Sorry.
- Come with us.
- Oh.
Are you looking for an in-home
clothing consultation?
Because I think
something flouncy
would really take the edge off
of the "business in the front,
business in the back"
attitude you're rocking.
- Enough!
- Ah!
- Sorry.
- Tall?
- On it.
- Whoa!
- It is time to restore
your tunnel vision.
- It is?
- Wow. Look at that.
- He sure looks
like he's in trouble.
- Is that mole rat
wearing clothes?
[tense music]
- W-where are we going?
- We're going to get
you help, Wilbur.
- Help?
- Help.
- Quiet. We're here.
[ominous chanting]
♪ ♪
- [gulps] Help.
- Wilbur, look
at this monument of Grand-Mah.
[dramatic music]
all: Grand-Mah.
- Oh, yeah, Grand-Mah.
- No.
Grand-Mah.
[dramatic music]
all: Grand-Mah.
- Grand-Mah.
- Wilbur.
Let the grand nakedness
of Grand-Mah's statue
remind you of how she carved
this entire tunnel
with her teeth.
- Or of how she created
our colony with her bare--
and I mean bare--hands.
- Or of other cool stuff
she does and has done
that I'm pretty sure we
all know about, so, uh--dude.
- I want you to gaze upon that
and ask yourself what Grand-Mah
would do if she saw you.
- You want me to put myself
in her shoes?
- No!
We want you to put yourself
in her bare, fleshy feet.
I mean, just look at her
in big statue form.
- You know what, Grande?
You're right.
Grand-Mah does look great.
- Dude.
- Grand-Mah does look regal.
- Yes!
- Grand-Mah does
look magnificent!
- That's my bandmate.
- But she'd look even better
in a casual shirt
and some summer slacks.
all: Argh!
- After a certain age,
slacks flatter.
- [growls] Wilbur!
Naked mole rats
don't wear clothes!
[echoing]
[all gasp]
- Owwie.
You hurt my...
feelings.
- Freeze!
- Aw, and now my pants
are all dirty.
[dramatic music]
- Ah!
- Ahh!
- Pssht! Goose Flesh,
this is Long Tooth.
We've got a dresser.
Belly button not visible.
I need backup!
- Hoo!
- Ha!
- Tails where we can see 'em!
- Sweet epidermis!
He's wearing c-c-c-c-c-c--
- Get ahold of yourself,
rookie.
- I don't believe this.
I am just wearing clothes!
[echoing, rumbling]
- What's that? What's going on?
- Now you've done it.
- Done what?
- You got Big Tail's attention.
- B-B-Big Tail? Who's that?
- That's a codename.
- For Grand-Mah.
Now stand back
as I expound upon the glory
of her authority,
profundity, and nudity.
[dramatic rock music]
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Grand-Mah ♪
♪ She's greater than great ♪
♪ Oh, her mind is first-rate ♪
♪ Her power,
it can exfoliate ♪
♪ Nee-ow wow ♪
♪ And she will decide
your fate ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
- Wow.
That is one intense mole.
- Dude.
- I don't feel so good
about this.
- ♪ Grand-Mah ♪
♪ Naked-er than naked ♪
♪ Your future,
she can make it or break it ♪
♪ Now she's coming ♪
♪ Are you sure
you can take it? ♪
♪ The mole was asleep,
but you had to wake it ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
- This is not
what I was expecting.
- What's gonna happen to us?
- What's gonna happen to me?
- ♪ Grand-Mah,
she's coming right now ♪
♪ Grand-Mah ♪
- ♪ Grand-Mah ♪
- ♪ Is her mood
sweet or sour? ♪
♪ If I was you ♪
♪ Oh, I'd shake and I'd cower ♪
♪ Nee-ow wow ♪
♪ 'Cause she's got the power,
She's got the power ♪
♪ She's got the power,
bim-bam whoa! ♪
♪ Are you ready... ♪
all: ♪ You're not ready ♪
- ♪ To meet the real deal? ♪
♪ Rock steady ♪
all: ♪ You're not steady ♪
- ♪ Your fate she will seal ♪
♪ She's a-coming ♪
♪ Grand entrance for real ♪
all: ♪ Grand-Mah ♪
- ♪ Grand-Mah ♪
You might want to kneel.
- Kneeling.
- Kneeling!
- ♪ Yeah! ♪
- Maybe bringing Wilbur here
wasn't such a good idea.
- Dude, it wasn't my idea.
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- [gulps]
- [gasps]
- Ooh...
- [whimpering]
- [coughing]
[coughing]
What's with all the racket?
I can barely hear myself
being naked.
- Uh, um. Oh!
Great Grand-Mah.
- Great Grand-Mah?
My mommy's here?
- Uh, no.
- "Great"
as in "very impressive."
- Oh.
Huh?
- We come before you today
to present something
so terribly g-g-guh-guh
that it will make your skin
go all n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-nuh!
- Sounds serious.
What's the problem?
all: Him!
- Um, your
Grand-Mah-ness-ness...ness.
- At ease.
What's the problem with him?
- Grand-Mah--
- Wilbur is---
- Wearing clothes.
- Oh, is that the--
hubba-wha?
Wilbur, is this true?
Are you wearing something?
- It's business casual, ma'am.
- Business casual's
an oxymoron.
- Knew it.
Either you're working
or you're hanging out.
- Seriously. You can't do both.
Anyway, why are
you wearing clothes, Wilbur?
- Yeah, why?
- Why?
all: Why?
- Dude.
- Well, um, you see,
I thought...
why not?
- Why not?
Why not?
Did you just say to me,
to my face,
the face of the greatest
great, as in very impressive,
Grand-Mah,
most stupendously,
fantastic naked mole rat
in the history
of naked mole rats,
which, by the way, includes
some very impressive
individuals,
all of whom were as naked
as the day they were born
until the day they died,
did you just say "Why not?"
- Yes.
- That's it!
I am going to make
a very big decision,
so gather the entire colony.
all: The entire colony?
The entire colony?
- The entire colony?
- Is there an echo
in this tunnel?
Gather the entire colony
so that I can announce a--
a thing you say,
that is really,
really important,
in a very dramatic way
in public.
- A tweet?
- A proclamation!
Wilbur, go to your room
while I decide
what to do about you
and your new ideas.
- Gulp.
- This proclamation
is gonna be a really,
really, really big deal.
all: A really, really,
really big deal?
- Seriously.
The echo thing is killing me.
- Grand-Mah?
- Yes?
- Before you go,
I have something for you.
- What is that?
- A thinking cap
to help you think.
[chuckles]
It's fun, right?
Ooh, I think she really likes
the hat I gave her.
[dramatic music]
- Oh, Wilbur, you're doomed.
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Proclamation ♪
all: ♪ Tell the Nation ♪
♪ ♪
- ♪ Proclamation ♪
all: ♪ Tell the Nation ♪
- Grand-Mah made
the announcement
and soon will make
a pronouncement.
- ♪ Proclamation ♪
all: ♪ Tell the Nation ♪
- ♪ A formal denouncement ♪
all: ♪ Of you ♪
- ♪ Wilbur, go to your room,
you better ♪
- ♪ 'Cause if Grand-Mah
gets upsetter... ♪
all: ♪ Proclamation ♪
- ♪ She'll unravel you
like a sweater ♪
- ♪ Something major's
coming down the pipeline ♪
- ♪ And you're gonna need
a major lifeline now ♪
- ♪ How will it go down? ♪
♪ Oh ♪
all: ♪ Proclamation ♪
♪ Tell the Nation ♪
- Grand-Mah's made
the announcement,
and soon she'll make
a pronouncement!
all: ♪ Proclamation,
tell the Nation ♪
- ♪ Sorry, Wilbur,
probably you're doomed ♪
[rumbling]
[all screaming]
- Mm.
- Come on.
- This just in. Socks!
That's right.
The sky is falling
with fashion.
They're having reports
of jackets, skirts,
shorts, and even white pants.
And it's after Labor Day!
all: ♪ Proclamation,
tell the Nation ♪
- Question.
How is this happening?
Answer. Who knows?
Question. Who can we blame?
Answer. Wilbur J. Molerat!
- ♪ This is all your fault ♪
- ♪ Now our world's
falling apart ♪
- ♪ This is all your fault ♪
- ♪ Dude ♪
all: ♪ Proclamation,
proclamation ♪
Ah!
- ♪ Hope it means
that our colony ♪
all: ♪ Can be restored
to harmony ♪
- ♪ And now it seems
that I've made a mess ♪
♪ No wonder every-mole's
so hostile ♪
♪ I wasn't trying
to cause distress ♪
♪ I was trying
to show 'em my style ♪
♪ Now it's real ♪
♪ Now it's scary ♪
♪ Grand-Mah's got the power ♪
♪ What can I do? ♪
♪ Will she tell me
to get undressed ♪
♪ To end this distress? ♪
♪ Will she lock me away ♪
♪ For the rest of my life
and a day? ♪
all: ♪ Proclamation ♪
- ♪ Now it's real ♪
all: ♪ Tell the Nation ♪
- ♪ Now it's scary ♪
- ♪ Better be that our colony ♪
- ♪ Grand-Mah's got the power ♪
- ♪ Can be restored
to harmony ♪
- ♪ What can I do?
Do I stand my ground? ♪
all: ♪ Oh, it's going down ♪
- ♪ With her ♪
all: ♪ Proclamation,
proclamation, proclamation ♪
♪ Proclamation! ♪
[soft music]
- [sighs]
♪ ♪
What do I do?
♪ Why do they mock me ♪
♪ For a sock? ♪
♪ Why condemn me
when I put 'em on? ♪
Oh.
♪ When I hold them ♪
♪ They feel so good, so neat ♪
♪ Before I even put them ♪
♪ On my weary feet ♪
♪ Oh, is this the only
way to be myself? ♪
♪ Or should I put these socks
back on the shelf? ♪
[knocking on door]
- Wilbur?
- Is it time already?
- Uh-huh.
- We don't think
Grand-Mah's proclamation
is gonna be good for you,
Wilbur.
The colony just isn't
ready for all of...
uh, this.
- But this is me.
- [sighs]
We were afraid
you might say that.
- So we got you this.
- Aww.
It matches my outfit.
- Ugh, Mole, that's not why
we got you luggage.
[sighs] Look.
We're your friends,
so we got your back,
even with a shirt on it.
- But what if Grand-Mah
isn't "fashion forward"?
- Dude.
[bell tolling]
- Wilbur, if you won't go
to the proclamation
without clothes,
then just go.
Go somewhere overground
where you can do--
where you can, you know...
[sighs]
Be you.
- [sobbing]
- Wilbur, do the right thing.
- But...
♪ If I go away,
will the problem go too? ♪
♪ So should I walk a mile
with no shoes? ♪
♪ Why does it matter or not? ♪
♪ Who knows? ♪
♪ Where can I be
and still wear clothes? ♪
♪ Is it time to get packed? ♪
♪ Now I'm straining to see ♪
♪ Some underground,
overground place ♪
♪ Where I'm supposed to be ♪
[dramatic rock music]
♪ ♪
♪ Time to dig deep inside ♪
♪ And see ♪
♪ How to do the right thing ♪
♪ And still be me ♪
[somber piano music]
♪ ♪
- [sniffling]
I miss Wilbur already.
- Me too.
- There was nothing else
I could do for Wilbur.
Nothing else we could do.
- Really?
- Look,
if he'd been smart,
Wilbur would've just
stayed naked.
There's no way
Grand-Mah's proclamation
was gonna go well for him.
- [sighs]
I guess we don't have
to worry about that
since Wilbur's leaving.
- Yeah.
Every mole rat
in the colony's gonna show up
for Grand-Mah's
big proclamation about him,
and he won't even be there.
[chuckles]
Dude, Grand-Mah's gonna be mad.
- Yeah.
[laughs]
At us.
[all gasp]
- Grand-Mah!
- Grand-Mah?
- Grand-Mah,
there's something
we need to tell you
about--Wilbur?
- Hello.
[all gasp]
- You're here.
Dude, you've got to--wait,
you're not wearing a shirt.
- And you're not wearing pants.
- And you're not wearing--
[dramatic sting]
Ah! What are those?
- Socks.
I tried to be like every mole,
but then I got cold feet.
- [chuckles]
[bell tolling]
- [gasps]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Wilbur, you've got
to get out of here.
[crowd murmuring]
The crowd is starting
to murmur.
- Murmur, murmur.
- Murmur, murmur, murmur.
- She's right.
- You know what?
Let 'em.
I, Wilbur "Jumpsuit"
Mole-Rat Jr.,
am just as mole rat
as you or Venti
or Tall or any mole,
so I get to stay right here
and listen
to Grand-Mah's proclamation
just like any mole
in argyle socks.
- Dude.
- That...
[sniffles]
Is so beautiful.
- [screams]
Wilbur!
both: Ah!
- Socks are clothes!
Wearing them at Grand-Mah's
big proclamation--
that's like if I was wearing
a, I don't know,
an elegant pantsuit...
[all gasp]
With a matching fancy hat...
Creating a fashionable ensemble
that was both amazing
and age appropriate!
[all gasp, whimper]
Um, thanks for the support,
but that reaction's
over the top,
don't you think?
- Not that.
all: That!
- [gasps]
♪ ♪
- Ah!
- [gasps]
- I don't believe it!
- Dude!
- That's what I was gonna say.
- [stammering]
Is that an elegant pantsuit
Grand-Mah's wearing?
- I don't know what to think
about that amazing
and age-appropriate attire.
- I'm so confused!
- My fellow naked mole rats,
I have never worn clothes
until I heard Wilbur J.
Mole Rat Jr.'s simple question.
[echoing]
"Why not?"
[all whispering]
Why not, indeed?
Wilbur, do clothes hurt anyone?
- No.
- Are they fun?
- They are for me.
- [laughs] Exactly!
Clothes can be fun.
And while they may
not be for every-mole,
this old naked mole rat
wishes she had tried
getting dressed earlier!
[all grunting]
- Us too.
[rumbling]
- [giggling]
[all exclaiming]
[all gasping]
[electric guitar sting]
- What is that?
What is that?
- Don't get your tails
in a knot.
These clothes
falling from the sky
for some insufficiently
explained reason,
they're not a crisis.
They are an opportunity!
[all murmuring hesitantly]
- Okay.
- So here's my officially
official proclamation.
Feeling fancy?
Try some pants-y.
Want to make a racket?
How 'bout a jacket?
Still can't take it?
No problem. Stay naked.
All you really have to do
is ask, "Why not?"
- Why not?
- That's the thought.
Ask yourself, "Why not?"
all: Why not?
Why not?
- If it hurts someone--
- Don't do it.
- If it's fun--
- Get to it.
- So when you're on the spot,
just ask yourself, "Why not?"
all: ♪ Why not? ♪
♪ Why not? ♪
- ♪ That's the thought ♪
♪ Ask yourself, "Why not?" ♪
all: ♪ Why not? ♪
♪ Why not? ♪
♪ If it hurts someone,
don't do it ♪
- If it's fun, then get to it.
all: ♪ Why not? ♪
- Can I try a "Why not?"
- Well, let's hear it,
young mole.
- What if I did this?
[piano music plays]
♪ Ah-opera ♪
♪ Ah-ah-opera! ♪
- That was neither
rock nor roll.
- That wasn't even
"easy listening."
- "Easy listening"
is another oxymoron.
Like "smart phone."
- Uh-huh.
[crowd chattering]
- Never really thought
about it that way.
- Okay. Okay, okay.
But it didn't hurt anyone,
did it?
- Um, nope.
Nope.
- I guess not.
- So that means--
- Yeah!
all: ♪ Why not? ♪
- [laughs]
- ♪ That's the thought ♪
all: ♪ Why not? ♪
- ♪ Ask yourself, "Why not?" ♪
all: ♪ Why not?
Why not? ♪
- ♪ If it hurts someone-- ♪
all: Don't do it.
- If it's fun--
all: Get to it!
- ♪ I think I see it ♪
all: ♪ We think we see it ♪
- ♪ I think I've got it ♪
all: ♪ We think we've got it ♪
- ♪ Before you try it ♪
all: ♪ Just "Why not?" it ♪
- ♪ I think you see it ♪
all: ♪ We think we see it ♪
- ♪ I think you got it ♪
all: ♪ We think we've got it ♪
- Why not?
- [operatically] ♪ Why not? ♪
Whew.
all: ♪ Why not? ♪
- [coughing]
[gasps]
- [chuckles]
[gulps]
- Eh, I never thought
that statue
captured my essence anyway.
- Phew.
- Not like this
proclamation ensemble, huh?
- [laughs]
You know it.
[both grunting]
Whoa! Yeah.
- Oh, yeah.
- Seriously.
You would totally
rock the runway
in a mole rat fashion show.
- A mole rat fashion show?
A mole rat fashion show?
Ugh--
Why...not?
- You're getting it.
Mole rats,
let's rock our pants on
for the Evening Song!
[all cheering]
[upbeat rock music]
[excited chatter]
- Do these pants make
my tail look big?
- Eh.
- Good evening, naked
and not-so-naked mole rats!
[all cheering]
Are you ready
to rock the tunnel?
all: Yeah!
- Can you dig it?
all: Whoo!
- You bet you can.
Ha-ha.
Hit it, Wilbur!
- A-one! A-two!
A-one, two, three!
♪ Mole rats, listen,
this ain't no ballad ♪
♪ We're singing
a rockin' song ♪
♪ So why not make
just like a salad ♪
♪ And get some dressing on? ♪
♪ Be yourself,
you cannot fail ♪
♪ Strut your stuff
and wag your tail ♪
♪ Grand-Mah ♪
- Me?
- ♪ Yeah, Grand-Mah ♪
- Yes?
- ♪ You know what to do ♪
♪ Grand-Mah, come on now,
let's go ♪
♪ We're throwing
a Mole Rat Fashion Show ♪
♪ We're throwing a Mole Rat
Fashion Show ♪
♪ Mole Rat Fashion Show ♪
[cracking]
- Ugh!
- Shake it, Grand-Mah,
but don't break it!
- I'm okay!
Whee! [laughing]
- Dude,
if you told me yesterday
that the fashion show would
rock, I would've said, dude.
But now that I'm in one,
I'm like, dude!
- I know.
We're ready, Wilbur.
- Then let's rock it.
♪ Good, cool, best, bester ♪
♪ Let's all rock this song ♪
- ♪ Cotton, wool, polyester ♪
- ♪ How can we go wrong? ♪
- ♪ Open up your mind and see ♪
♪ Imagine all
that you could be ♪
- ♪ Venti ♪
- ♪ Tall ♪
- ♪ And Wilbur ♪
♪ We know what to do ♪
♪ Look at us go, go, go ♪
♪ We're throwing
a Mole Rat Fashion Show ♪
♪ We're throwing a Mole Rat
Fashion Show ♪
♪ Mole Rat Fashion Show ♪
- [giggling]
Whoo-hoo, that tickles!
- This is Stark Naked
reporting for PNN,
the "Possibly Naked Network."
News flash.
I'm wearing pants!
You'll just have
to trust me on that.
- Wilbur, is it possible
for me to stay naked
and still be
in your fashion show?
[string snaps, music stops]
[crowd gasps]
- Grande,
I have two words for you.
all: Why not?
- Yay!
- ♪ Clothes are something
totally new ♪
♪ They haven't been here long ♪
- ♪ So we don't really care
what you do ♪
♪ Don't need no dressing on ♪
- ♪ Be yourself
and you will win ♪
- ♪ Wearing slacks ♪
- ♪ Or in your skin ♪
[laughs]
all: ♪ Grande ♪
- Whoop!
all: ♪ Yeah, Grande ♪
- Yeah!
all: ♪ You know what to do ♪
♪ Grande, come on now,
let's go ♪
♪ We're throwing
a Mole Rat Fashion Show ♪
- Ha-ha! Look at me.
I'm wearing a birthday suit
designed by
my biological genes.
- I can still see
your belly button!
- Come on, everybody.
I'm talking to you out there.
Get off your tails and show off
your fashion moves!
You're part of our
fashion show too.
♪ ♪
all: ♪ Hey, ho,
what do ya know ♪
♪ You are part
of the fashion show ♪
♪ You, you know what to do ♪
♪ Work it green
or pink or blue ♪
[radical guitar riff]
♪ ♪
♪ Everybody,
come on, let's go ♪
♪ It's a Mole Rat
Fashion Show ♪
- ♪ Yeah! ♪
all:
♪ A Mole Rat Fashion Show ♪
- ♪ Watch me strut my stuff
right here ♪
all:
♪ A Mole Rat Fashion Show ♪
- ♪ Whoo-hoo ♪
all:
♪ A Mole Rat Fashion Show ♪
- Yeah!
- ♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Yeow! ♪
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- So let me get this straight.
You were driving
a delivery truck
full of doll clothes for fun
when, out of nowhere,
you saw a duckling with
a hot dog crossing the road.
So you swerved to avoid it,
which made you crash
into this particular ditch
and spilled an entire load
of teeny, tiny clothes
into that hole over there?
- Happens to my cousin Herb
all the time.
- I'm gonna need
to see your license.
- About that...
Hey, is that a police car?
[car door closes,
engine turns over]
Whoo-hoo!
- Not again.
No! Come back here!
[siren wailing]
- ♪ We all are better ♪
♪ Kinder, nicer mole rats ♪
all: Mole rats!
- ♪ And we're living
on newer ♪
♪ Cooler, rockin' mole facts ♪
all: Mole facts!
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Let's break it down,
number one ♪
- ♪ Some of us
are keeping it off ♪
- ♪ Number two ♪
- ♪ Some of us
are rocking it on ♪
- ♪ Number three ♪
- ♪ We now are all-- ♪
all:
♪ We are totally better ♪
- ♪ Better ♪
all:
♪ Cooler, rockin' mole rats ♪
- ♪ Oh, yeah ♪
all: ♪ Better ♪
- ♪ We're better ♪
all: ♪ Cooler ♪
- ♪ Cooler ♪
all: ♪ Rockin' mole rats ♪
- ♪ Yeah, better ♪
all: ♪ Better ♪
- ♪ Kinder ♪
all: ♪ Kinder ♪
- ♪ Cooler ♪
all: ♪ Cooler ♪
- ♪ Rockin' ♪
all: ♪ Rockin' mole rats ♪
- Yeow! Rock 'n' roll!
Whoo!
- ♪ Whoo ♪
- Yeah-ho! Whoo-hoo!
- ♪ Sock it to me! ♪
[growls, chomping]
- [growls]
[growling, trumpeting]